Patchnotes V7
In response to Pronto updating its RHEL to RHEL9 and mothur to version 1.48.0 I have implemented some minor changes to keep the code working, and a few additions
- updated module call to mothur 1.48.0
- updated resource constraints to AVX512 (from AVX2) so we don't get stuck in the queue forever, but also don't get on the node that breaks the code
- removed all references to names and groups files and streamlined to work with count tables (the now preferred filetype of mothur)
- *** Added max length based QC to the initial screening! Something we probably always should have done, this pulls the length from the 97.5th percentile
	and sets it as max, which for highly regular miseq data should be appropriate. you will want to edit this for long read data or old pyroseq stuff.
-removed some extraneous commands at the end (phylotype etc) that had been in as a legacy that we no longer used.
Patch notes V6
the newest version of mothur introduced some errors when running the pipeline so this version is a temporary fix calling for the older version of the mothur module.
V7 will hopefully address the problem directly and allow for use of the most up to date mothur version
Patch notes V5
Updated to silva release 138
added SBATCH --constraint=AVX2 to avoid errors to do with certain servers (biocrunch and maybe others) not handling new versions of mothur correctly.
Patch notes V4:
Further bundled the master scripts under a single slurm queing script, now to use the pipeline you open that file & edit the variables, and it will queue the whole thing for you.
The advantage to doing it this way instead of simply bundling all 3 into one script to submit is that here you get more intermediate email notifications. The other advantage is that I wanted to see if I could
Patch notes V3:
Added additional summary.seqs, now a summary is printed for each step that processes/removes sequences.
Capped most (all?) commands that take processors as an input variable at 8 to avoid cpu scheduling problems with slurm
Created Vsearch chimera check using branch available as separate script bundle. I will try to keep the branches patched to produce as close to the same output as possible.
Patch notes V2:
Changed way that start and end variables are defined from the summary logs.
 The start variable is now based on the 97.5% start, and the end on the 2.5% end, due to the way these variables are used by mothur.
 This will not effect relatively uniform datasets like the one in our SOP, but can prevent losses of huge amounts of data in mixed or varied data sets.
 Please check screen.seqs start & end on the wiki for more info.